#labels Phase-Implementation,notes,meetingminutes
= Weekly teleconf minutes =

== 2009-08-17 16:00 ==
==== Bo ====
===== Done =====
  # 4h 100% HCSS-6214	Synchronized Locks cache grows until out of memory	
  # 1h 80%  HCSS-7645	Bin script for poolDaemon
  # 2h 10%  HCSS-7704	HCSS Local Store very inefficient storing data
  # 1h 10%  HCSS-7750	BasicLock uses unreliable mechanism
  # 3h 90%  HCSS-7733	Copy Constructor of MapContext gives a NullPointerException
  # 2h 20%  HCSS-7697	Random error in test harnesses of ia_pal_pool_cache
  # 0.2h 100% HCSS-7778	ProductPool JavaDoc mistake
  # 1h 100% HCSS-7770   Taggable JavaDoc
  # 4h moved to ia_io  HCSS-7744	Memory leaks when saving large context

==== Jingjing ====
  # (70%) HCSS-7583 Plot properties panel should migrate to HIPE outline and properties view 
  

== 2009-08-06 16:00 ==
==== Bo ====
===== Done =====
  # 4h 90% [http://herschel.esac.esa.int/jira/browse/HCSS-7476 HCSS-7476] :Current cache limiting strategy does not make sense
  # 1h 100% d-tagged in 1.2 [http://herschel.esac.esa.int/jira/browse/HCSS-6842 HCSS-6842] : General Lstore Performance
  # 2h 100% [http://herschel.esac.esa.int/jira/browse/HCSS-7644 HCSS-7644] :version number of observation contexts are always set to 0
  # 2h 100% [http://herschel.esac.esa.int/jira/browse/HCSS-7558 HCSS-7558] :Random failure to save products to a localStore pool
  # 1h 100% [http://herschel.esac.esa.int/jira/browse/HCSS-7642 HCSS-7642] :Cannot access Pools any more
  # 0.25h 100% [http://herschel.esac.esa.int/jira/browse/HCSS-7604 HCSS-7604] :Delegated CachedPool setReadOnly status set wrongly
  # 0.5h 100% [http://herschel.esac.esa.int/jira/browse/HCSS-7500 HCSS-7500] :Rollback of unapproved PAL changes

==== Jingjing ====
  # (40%) HCSS-7583 Plot properties panel should migrate to HIPE outline and properties view 


== 2009-07-29 16:00 ==
==== Bo ====
===== Done =====
  # 0.5md 100% [http://herschel.esac.esa.int/jira/browse/HCSS-7562 HCSS-7562] : Cache pool does not handle multiclient access properly
  # 0.8md 90%? [http://herschel.esac.esa.int/jira/browse/HCSS-6842 HCSS-6842]: General Lstore Performance
  # 0.5md 30% [http://herschel.esac.esa.int/jira/browse/HCSS-7476 HCSS-7476] :Current cache limiting strategy does not make sense
===== To Do =====
  # update 6842 SCR about autoupdate
  # HCSS-7558	Random failure to save products to a localStore pool
  # [http://herschel.esac.esa.int/jira/browse/HCSS-7476 HCSS-7476] :Current cache limiting strategy does not make sense

==== Jingjing ====
  # (2.0md done) HCSS-7419 LayerXY crashes when changing x,y vectors
  # (2md done) HCSS-7320 PlotXY as a HIPE editor
  # (0.2md 10%) HCSS-7583 Plot properties panel should migrate to HIPE outline and properties view


== 2009-07-21 16:00 ==
==== Bo ====
===== Done =====
  # 0.8md 100% for approach 1. [http://herschel.esac.esa.int/jira/browse/HCSS-4469 HCSS-4469]: provide mechanism to distribute and use a pool as a jar-file 
  # 0.3md Analyzed(pending for feedback) [http://herschel.esac.esa.int/jira/browse/HCSS-5601 HCSS-5601]:Request for Recursive Delete Function
  # 0.1md 100%. [http://herschel.esac.esa.int/jira/browse/HCSS-7191 HCSS-7191]:Chain storage registrations, register storages in storages
  # 2.5md 100% for ia_pal. Not start on pools. [http://herschel.esac.esa.int/jira/browse/HCSS-7461 HCSS-7461]: Improve the test coverage to >80%
  # 0.2md 100%. [http://herschel.esac.esa.int/jira/browse/HCSS-7464 HCSS-7464]: deprecation of herschel.ia.pal.versioning.TagsLoader
===== To Do=====
  # [http://herschel.esac.esa.int/jira/browse/HCSS-7476 HCSS-7476]: Current cache limiting strategy does not make sense
  # [http://herschel.esac.esa.int/jira/browse/HCSS-7277 HCSS-7277]: Tags API incomplete *Before Friday*
  # [http://herschel.esac.esa.int/jira/browse/HCSS-6842 HCSS-6842]: General Lstore Performance  *Before Friday*

==== Jingjing ====
  # (done) HCSS-7405 plot performance when adding many layers
  # (done) HCSS-7434 Test-harness of ia_gui_plot randomly fails
  # (20%) HCSS-7419 LayerXY crashes when changing x,y vectors
----

== 2009-07-09 16:00 ==
==== Bo ====
  # 0.5md Done [http://herschel.esac.esa.int/jira/browse/HCSS-7277 HCSS-7277]: Tags API incomplete
  # 0.5md Done [http://herschel.esac.esa.int/jira/browse/HCSS-5460 HCSS-5460]: Poor feedback on errors
  # 0.5md Done [http://herschel.esac.esa.int/jira/browse/HCSS-5189 HCSS-5189]: PoolManager/StorageManager: Specification of XML config files
  # 0.25md Done [http://herschel.esac.esa.int/jira/browse/HCSS-5131 HCSS-5131]: product browser exits with null pointer exception
  # 0.25md Done [http://herschel.esac.esa.int/jira/browse/HCSS-7346 HCSS-7346]: Take account of odNumber in file name
  # 0.5md 50%for approach 1. [http://herschel.esac.esa.int/jira/browse/HCSS-4469 HCSS-4469]: provide mechanism to distribute and use a pool as a jar-file 
  # 0.1md Done [http://herschel.esac.esa.int/jira/browse/HCSS-3489 HCSS-3489]: Incomplete developer documentation for IA_Pal_Pool_Serial

Next Action:
  # HCSS-4469
  # HCSS-6924

==== Jingjing ====
  # (done) HCSS-7062 PlotXY should adapt HIPE preference framework
  # (done) HCSS-7180 unicode character in math mode 
  # (done) HCSS-7328 axis tick: assign a combination of (values, labels)

----

== 2009-06-30 16:00 ==
==== Bo ====
  # 1md Done [http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=7115 SPR-7115/SPR-7116] : URGENT: cached pool does not work with any context product?
  # 0.4md Done [http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=7151 SPR-7151] : SimplePool still present in ia_pal documentation
  # 0.1md Done [http://herschel.esac.esa.int/jira/browse/HCSS-6206 HCSS-6206]: Broken SW Documentation Chain in ia_pal_pool_serial 
  # 0.25md Done [http://herschel.esac.esa.int/jira/browse/HCSS-5024 HCSS-5024]: SCR:HCSS-5024:ia_pal_pool_serial: PoolDaemon must provide HCSS build number
  # 0.25md Done [http://herschel.esac.esa.int/jira/browse/HCSS-7191 HCSS-7191]: SCR: HCSS-7191: ia_pal: Chain storage registrations, register storages in storages
  # 0.25md 80% [http://herschel.esac.esa.int/jira/browse/HCSS-4268 HCSS-4268]: Remove backwards compatibility with previous versioning implementation
  # 0.5md Done [http://herschel.esac.esa.int/jira/browse/HCSS-7208 HCSS-7208]: HCSS-7208: ia_pal_pool_cache: Create a means to invoke an automatic load of all the childs in case a root-product (for ex. a map context) is loaded in cache pool
  # 0.1md Done [http://herschel.esac.esa.int/jira/browse/HCSS-5666 HCSS-5666]: SPR: HCSS-5666: ia_pal: hcss.ia.pal.defaultpool still appears in PoolManager
  # 0.5md Done? [http://herschel.esac.esa.int/jira/browse/HCSS-6950 HCSS-6950]: ia_pal_pool_lstore test-harnesss not reliable
  # 0.1md Done [http://herschel.esac.esa.int/jira/browse/HCSS-3394 HCSS-3394]: Update the User Reference Manual: Pal examples
  # 0.2md 70% [http://herschel.esac.esa.int/jira/browse/HCSS-5921 HCSS-5921]: Inconsistent behaviour in PoolCreatorFactory

==== Jingjing ====
  # [http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=7136 SPR-7136] PlotXY does not apply stored default values
  # [http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=7138 SPR-7138] All NaN date on histogram layer cause renderer failure
  # HCSS-7180 invalid TeX string leave plot in batch mode
  # HCSS-7062 PlotXY should adapt HIPE preference framework (STILL ON WORKING)
----


== 2009-06-19 16:00 ==
==== Bo ====
  # 0.5md 80%? [http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=4186  SCR-4186] : Remove component SimplePool  (Wait for others guys go on the procedure...)
  # SCR-6842 also fix [http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=6076 SPR-6076] : Unexpected behavior of setTag doubles the size of the pool. (Wait for confirm the requirement of versionned Tag could be dropped.)  
  # [http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=7115 SPR-7115] :URGENT: cached pool does not work with any context product?  (investigating...)
==== Jingjing ====
  # [http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=7062 SCR-7062] PlotXY should adapt HIPE preference framework (finish design, will implement next week.)

----

== 2009-06-12 16:00 ==
=== Pre-meeting ===
==== Bo ====
  # 2md 90% [http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=6842 SCR-6842] : General Lstore Performance
  # SCR-6842 also fix [http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=6076 SPR-6076] : Unexpected behavior of setTag doubles the size of the pool.
  # 0.5md Done [http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=6701 SPR-6701] : Performance of PAL Context Rules mechanism
  # 0.1md Done [http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=6802 SCR-6802] : Move SizeCalculator from ia_pal to ia_dataset

==== Jingjing ====
  # 

=== Meeting mimutes === 

==== PAL ===

Bo reported the work items listed in above Pre-meeting section. 

Next Action: 
  # [http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=4186  SCR-4186] : Remove component SimplePool

==== Plot ====

Jingjing reported the work items listed in above Pre-meeting section. 

Next Action: 
  # 


----
== 2009-06-04 15:30 ==
=== Pre-meeting ===
==== Bo ====
  # 1md done? [http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=4436  SPR-4436] : Pool Schema Evolver Does not copy tags info
  # 0.5 md done? [http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=6920  SPR-6920] : CRITICAL: Cache pool do not set owner of the product properly
  # 2md 50% [http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=6842 SCR-6842] : General Lstore Performance
==== Jingjing ====
  # [http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=5701 SCR-5701] PlotXY should understand astronomical coordinates

=== Meeting mimutes === 

==== PAL ===

Bo reported the work items listed in above Pre-meeting section. 

Next Action: 
  # [http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=6842 SCR-6842] : General Lstore Performance
  # [http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=6701 SPR-6701] : Performance of PAL Context Rules mechanism
==== Plot ====

Jingjing reported the work items listed in above Pre-meeting section. 

Next Action: 
  # 
----

== 2009-05-27 ==
=== Pre-meeting ===
==== Bo ====
  # 0.2 Done? [http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=6316 SCR-6316 & 6766 & 6767] : Naming convention for exported FITS files
  # 1.0md Done [http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=6743 SPR-6743] : cannot instantiate a cache pool offline
  # 1.0md Done [http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=5024  SCR-5024] : PoolDaemon must provide HCSS build number
  # 0.2md Done 	[http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=6676  SPR-6676] : MapContext presents products in non-alphabetical order
  # Should I look it in high priority?[http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=4436  SPR-4436] : Pool Schema Evolver Does not copy tags info
==== Jingjing ====
  # SCR-5372 : plotting of time series

=== Meeting mimutes ===

Maohai asked about the use of XTCE in herschel. Steve has no idea about it. 

==== PAL ===

Bo reported the work items listed in above Pre-meeting section. 

Next Action: 
  # [http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=4436  SPR-4436] : Pool Schema Evolver Does not copy tags info
  # [http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=6842 SCR-6842] : General Lstore Performance
==== Plot ====

Jingjing reported the work items listed in above Pre-meeting section. 

Next Action: 
  # 

----

== 2009-05-21 ==
=== Pre-meeting ===
==== Bo ====
  # 0.2 [http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=6762 SPR-6762] : cache blocks usr from writing to a DbPool ; cannot be recovered in same session 
  # 0.5 Testing only. HttpPool not working after ia.io updated(1.1.39) [http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=6777 SPR-6777] : HttpPool not working
  # 0.5 [http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=6701 SPR-6701] : Performance of PAL Context Rules mechanism
  # 0.5 Analyze only. [http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=4436 SPR-4436] : Pool Schema Evolver Does not copy tags info
  # 0.2 Just email exchange on [http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=6316 SCR-6316] : Naming convention for exported FITS files
  # 0.2 Create an SCR for lstore performance... [http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=6842 SCR-6842] : General Lstore Performance
  # 0.01 Email exchange on [http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=4460 SCR-4460] : new save feature needed ; propagation of a product (or - tree) to slave pool

=== Jingjing ===
  # [http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=6666 SPR-6666] Over Plotter Single Layer Mode Problem

=== Meeting mimutes ===
==== PAL ===
Next Action: 
  # [http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=6316 SCR-6316 & 6766 & 6767] : Naming convention for exported FITS files
  # [http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=6743 SPR-6743] : cannot instantiate a cache pool offline
  # Try to deliver [http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=6842 SCR-6842] : General Lstore Performance  before next code freeze.

==== Plot ====
Next Action:
  # [http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=5372 SCR-5372] : plotting of time series


----


== 2009-05-08 ==

=== Pre-meeting ===
==== Bo ====
  # [http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=6605 SPR-6605] : sim3-failure while cal. product upload testing; getVersions(pref) fails for dbp.
  # [http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=6606 SCR-6606] : SIMS#3: not able to set cache to be used in offline mode
  # Performance: getAllLatestVersionUrnByClass() optimized. （D_IA_PAL_POOL_LSTORE_1_75 (2009-05-05) [BLI]）
  # [http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=6548 SPR-6548] : Change of class for the result of a query
  # [http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=6735 SPR-6735] : SGS-E2E#1: Cache pool inconsitent tagging in multi client environment


==== Jingjing ====
  # [http://www.rssd.esa.int/herschel_webapps/servletsuite/ProblemReportServlet?area=hcss&mode=displaypr&id=5372 SCR-5372] : plotting of time series

=== Meeting mimutes ===
=== PAL === 
  # Create a SCR for lstore performance and work on it.
  # SCR-6701 Performance of PAL Context Rules mechanism. 
  Implement caching metadata for ProductRef.getMeta().  
    * Implement it to see if it break any test harness.
    * Using a secret property to control if the behavior is changed.

=== Plot ===
  # SCR-5372: plotting of time series  50%

=== Sean ===
About sent Sean to RAL.

=== Next teleconf ===
  # 